Fixed #35945 -- Added async interface to Paginator (#18938)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

* :meth:`.QuerySet.explain` now supports the ``memory`` and ``serialize``
  options on PostgreSQL 17+.

Pagination
~~~~~~~~~~

> * The Paginator now supports asynchronous operations with the
>   :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPaginator` and
>   :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPage`.
> * The methods are supported by prefixing the existing
>   :class:`~django.core.paginator.Paginator`
>   and :class:`~django.core.paginator.Page` methods with 'a'.
> * Please refer to the documentation for the methods
>   that do not have equivalent counterparts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* The new :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPaginator` and
  :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPage` provide async implementations of
  :class:`~django.core.paginator.Paginator` and
  :class:`~django.core.paginator.Page` respectively.
```
perhaps

  that the expression allows composite expressions, for example, to support
  :ref:`composite primary keys <cpk-and-database-functions>`.

Pagination
~~~~~~~~~~

> * The new :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPaginator` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* The new :class:`~django.core.paginator.AsyncPaginator` and
```
